All right, everybody. So, we're back
with a third episode already. Pretty
crazy, huh?
>> And if you guys notice, we have a guest.
>> We have our first guest,
>> Amber Rescells. How you doing, Amber?
>> I'm doing great. How are you guys doing?
I know everybody's been sick.
>> Everyone's feeling healthy.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I had a bad flu there for a
while. Well, I did. I don't. Lonnie,
Lonnie, you haven't been sick, have you?
>> I've been Lonnie.
>> You were sick a couple weeks ago,
weren't you?
>> Was I?
>> Yeah, you were. And then
>> Oh, I was
>> No, that's right. I was That's right.
>> Yeah.
>> Let who Let's talk about who Amber is.
>> Yeah. Because like I I feel like a lot
of our a lot of our viewers might not
know Amber because she moves
she moves like she's a reseller
>> and but she moves in kind of a different
lane than I do or than than Candace and
I do
>> because like
>> Do you know what I'm saying, Amber?
>> Yeah, I know. It cracks me up because
you always call me like a Poshmark girl
and then I like
>> Are you Are you a Poshmark girl? I have
a real planned specifically for Lonnie
that's like they say I'm a Poshmark girl
and then it has my sales and like eBay
is like twice as much as Poshmark.
>> But I started as a Poshmark girl, you
know.
>> Okay.
>> Clo and I clothing and Poshmark and then
over the years I've expanded to other
things besides clothing and eBay, a
little bit of Facebook marketplace, you
know, if they give me sales. Amber, is
that is Do you find that insulting if I
call you Poshmark girl? Because I don't
mean any like I highly
>> No, no, no, no. I I find it funny like I
said because it's like Yeah, cuz I
started on Poshmark. And also the
algorithm also identifies me as a
Poshmark girl. So, you know, it's just
like that was that that was my origin.
So,
>> that's what I was going to ask you. Are
most of your viewers Poshmark ccentric
or is it kind of a mix? I guess at this
point I'm not sure but like the at the
beginning all I did was Poshmark content
so I created you know that was my
original audience and then again I think
the algorithm has me in the Poshmark
niche which is fine. I still make plenty
of stuff about Poshmark too.
>> Amber I have a question for you.
>> We're still trying to figure out who you
are right now or let people know we know
who you are.
>> The viewers. Hello everybody. It's nice
to meet you.
But I I was racking my brain trying to
remember because my my memory sucks.
How did you and I ever like get
connected or meet? Like I know I know
when we met in person, which the same
time you met Ryan in person, but how did
we actually do you know how we
>> My best guess Okay, so one of my first
videos that got a lot of views was
Nicole State mystery box review.
>> Oh no. Oh, that's right. She her name
gets mentioned everywhere and you know
let's just start the podcast.
>> Is she around?
>> Someone messaged me a few weeks ago
saying she's back again.
>> Oh man.
>> Anyways.
>> Yeah. So I did a mystery box review like
one of my first five videos and I think
that might have been it cuz you like
shouted me out of like she wasn't
biased. She just stated the facts. I'm
really liking her videos.
>> Oh I did. I I gave you a shout out on a
vlog. one of my vlogs.
>> Yeah. And maybe we had talked before
then, but it might have just been that
you saw the video and then were like
shouting me out and then I was already
watching your stuff and so, you know,
then the connection began,
>> I think.
>> And that was I I think seven or eight.
This was 2017.
>> Wow.
>> Oh, wow. So, you've been you've been
doing YouTube for a while.
>> Yes. But I am probably the most
inconsistent YouTuber with as big a
following as I have in the reseller
community. You know, I feel like people
will just shut off their channel
completely or they're consistent and I
just don't post for 3 months and I come
back for a while then I'm gone for a
little bit. I would love to be
consistent working on it. You know,
>> you're doing very well with that lately.
Very consistent lately. I You've been
uploading Have you been uploading long
form too as well, right?
>> Yeah, weekly long form. Mhm. pretty
awesome.
>> So,
so Amber and I met at that point back
then and then
>> Candace I told this story on on my
channel one time, but but Candace came
in to work with me and then
>> Amber like right after she started,
Amber
>> had flowers sent to Candace because she
knew it was kind of a rough time because
she had a rough ending from her job
>> and then she started working with with
in here with me and she sent flowers
anonymously. ly and we figured it was
some creep
cuz we didn't know. And then Amber
messaged me like a couple days later or
a week later.
>> Yeah, it was like a combination of a
nice thing for Candace and a prank on
Lonnie at the same time. So, you know,
two birds, you know.
>> Was it Was that intentional to prank us?
>> Yes, it was. I was like, but then after
like a couple days went by, then I was
like I thought you'd somehow figure it
out. Like I didn't think I could just
Oh, I just made a sale. I didn't
>> That was an eBay sale, wasn't it?
Poshmark.
>> It was.
>> Yes, it was.
>> Um, anyways, I thought there would be
some way you would know who it came
from, but then I was watching your
videos and after yeah, a couple days I
was like, I probably should tell him
because I don't think he figured it out
cuz he hasn't said anything to me.
>> So,
>> well, we were we were like even
debating. We were talking about like
Candace, do we put him in frame or not?
Like do we include him in the shots
because this this sicko might like get
some pleasure out of seeing it on the
screen and like doing things.
>> You know what I mean? It's like
>> right
>> and then I'm like oh. But man, that was
so nice. Thank you again.
>> Did you talk about it in the in the
video you that you that she got flowers?
>> I think so. Yeah, we did.
>> I think so. Cuz that's how I knew you
didn't that you got them and that you
know you hadn't messaged me about it so
I assumed you didn't know that I sent
them. It was like, dude, it was a nice
It was a really nice uh It was roses,
right? Was it roses? No, some other
kind.
>> I don't remember.
>> I don't I don't remember either. But it
it it was it looked like a $100 kind of
thing to me, honestly.
>> Probably. I feel like any flower
delivery, it's like 50 plus just to get
flowers delivered. So,
>> Right. But this one was a little bit
like it wasn't like base level. It was
like definitely a step up. You didn't go
the cheapest one. Like you went like
>> to be honest, I don't know detail. But
I'm glad that it made such a, you know,
that she loved it so much and you got to
see it all the time.
>> I don't think I don't think we've ever
had flowers delivered to the shed again
since.
>> That's the one and only time.
>> Now that you say this, I actually when
you guys invited me or, you know, like
agreed to have me on, I was like, I need
to send flowers for that night. But
obviously life's too busy. I thought
about it until this moment. I did have
the thought cross my mind though and
then pleaded till this moment.
So, so there was that and then um I
guess a couple years later we all
actually that's you know what this is a
this was one hell of a day because I met
>> Yeah.
>> I'm I got to meet Ryan and Amber in
person on the same day.
>> Yep.
>> Ryan was that day?
>> No, I didn't.
>> My first time meeting Ryan was that day.
>> Yep. I remember I remember um Justin and
I were sitting at a I think we were
sitting at a table. We had stopped to
get a drink or No, we eating some food
or something.
>> We were out on the sidewalk.
>> On the sidewalk. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> And then we look up and here comes Ryan
strolling and like there there's some
breeze going and his hair was flowing
by.
>> It was like a It was like It was so
cool. Like it it was just cool getting
to see everyone in person. like it.
>> Mhm.
>> Isn't it different? Like once you
actually
>> much different.
>> I was relieved in like a very positive
way. Like I I don't know. You know, like
you talk to a lot of people on the
internet and you never know in person
what it's going to be like.
>> But yeah, with Lonnie and Candace, you
guys were like better in person. I
remember that. I I was like, Candace is
gorgeous. I'm like I don't know. Like
she's beautiful on screen, but in person
I'm like, "She's so beautiful." And I
remember I told you that L. You're like,
"Yeah, I know."
>> She is, you know. Yeah,
>> she is. She's the She's the beauty
queen. She like
>> And and Ryan, I don't know how much we
knew each other before then. You know,
we're just both close friends with
Lonnie, so then we know each other from
>> I don't remember if we had ever talked
prior to that. Not that I can remember,
but I remember we did talk. We did talk
>> that night. Yeah. For a while. So that
was cool.
>> Yes. But we had fun. We We hung out and
drank and
>> it was a blast all night.
>> That was a fun trip.
>> It was super fun. Yeah. I'm so glad that
happened. And like I said, it just it
solidifies things, too, cuz like when
you're virtual, it's not quite the same,
but when you meet in person,
>> you're like, "Okay, this is real
friendship, you know?"
>> Yeah. Right. Yeah. And we we've stayed
in touch. Like it's off and on. It's
it's it's like we've actually had months
at a time where we didn't talk at all.
>> Yeah. And then then we've had plenty of
times where we talking every day and
then or multiple times a day and then
not again for a week and then multiple
times a day and
>> like
>> and it's kind of funny we actually all
three of us started talking recently.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> because of you guys motivating me to do
short form content.
>> Yeah. That's before we even started this
podcast or anything. We kind of So it
kind of worked out that you were our
first guest because you know we've been
talking a while anyway. That's what I
want to know. How did I get the honors?
Like, I'm truly honored to be the first
guest. And
>> I've been watching guys podcast, so I
didn't expect to be the first one.
>> I I want to hear Ryan I want to hear
Ryan's answer for this first.
>> How did Amber become the first guest?
>> Yeah. Why is Amber the first? Like, I
mean, I know I
>> The last one kind of was leading into
maybe I wasn't going to be the first
guest.
>> Okay. Um
>> Oh, wait. Are you mad? You're not mad
about that, are you? Like,
>> no, I'm I'm honored. I'm just surprised.
>> We're honored to have you as the first
guest.
>> Yes, absolutely. Like, actually, this
worked out perfect. I'm so glad I'm glad
you're the first guest. I really am.
>> This is this is awesome.
>> But yeah, you're right. We were talk we
were kind of working on we're still
working on the the trash to cash
>> crew. They're they're gonna like our
plan
>> not ne we're negotiating a time right
now.
>> Deciding to get an agreement about what
can be discussed.
>> No, it's nothing like that. I don't
think I actually I'm not sure about
that. We'll find out.
>> There's still negotiations. Exactly.
>> Well, yeah, we are actually
>> versus I'm like whenever you want me,
I'll be there.
So, Ryan,
>> uh, why is Amber the first guest? You
want You want the honest answer?
>> Well, no. I No, I want the dishonest
answer. Ryan, come on.
>> Well,
>> I want to hear
>> Okay, she was on the list.
>> She was Okay. No, she was on the list
>> and honestly, she's probably the she's
the closest other reseller in the space
that we're close to, right? She's She's
a great friend. And it was going to be
Carrie, but he didn't answer the
message.
>> Well, no, he he has now.
>> But he has now, but you know, prior to
filming this, he hadn't answered the
message of our invite to come on.
>> So, he'll be next. He's coming.
>> So, we needed somebody.
>> Well, I'm not sure if he's going to be
next or not because we don't have a time
yet, right?
>> I just want to continue the storyline
because I've been watching the pod. So,
I know that, you know, people are
expecting the the crew to come on. So, I
just want to make sure that, you know,
they know the story line.
>> We we're we're we're keeping we're
trying to keep I'll be honest about that
the whole podcast thing. We're trying to
keep a friendly competitive spirit
between this podcast and trash to cash.
friendly, jovial,
>> competitive,
>> because like the competitive part is at
some point in the future they're going
to look at our podcast and be like,
"Wow, how did they get so big? I wish
ours could get that big one day." Like
that's
like and I'm I'm I'm being like just
just full disclos honesty. Like that's
what we want.
>> We're not going to sit here and be like,
"Oh man, we we never want to be as big
as them." I say you guys say it as a
joke, but it's not like you don't have a
track record of building things up.
>> I'm not joking.
>> Oh, okay. No, we're serious about this.
We want this podcast to do well.
>> No, I'm dead serious. It should be It's
so ridiculous to say that out loud that
it should be a joke, but it's absolutely
not a joke.
>> And again, like I said, you guys have
the track record to show it.
>> You You know why I'm glad
>> in the podcast? In the podcast scene,
not really. I mean, we've already done
this before and quit after a few
episodes. So,
>> that's the thing about those guys. And
Amber, this kind of ties into what to
your biggest problem
>> on social media and YouTube and our our
biggest problem too with podcasting.
>> And that is con consistency. Those those
trash to cash guys, they have been doing
this like
>> once a week for I don't know like
freaking four or five years straight.
That's not easy.
>> No, that's impressive.
>> That's a serious commitment.
>> Like I I respect that.
>> I do too.
>> Yeah, that's crazy. I want to say to
them like I've watched a couple here and
there, so I'm not super familiar, but
I'm somewhat familiar. I didn't realize
they were that consistent. That's wild.
>> Yep. But I I'm glad I'm glad you're the
first guest, though, because you are a
great friend and I am proud of you. I'm
proud of you as like a mother. I'm proud
of you as a content creator, as a
friend. Um, all that stuff as as a
professional because we we've kind of
seen you like go like when you're in
your school phase. What What is it you
do? What is it you do?
>> I'm an actuary.
>> Actuary. ACU a r y
>> actuaries. Let me can I let me see if I
can define it and you can fix my
definition.
>> Okay. All right. I can try.
>> Okay. An actuary
um tells an actuary analyzes risk and
basically analyzes the risk of something
happening
>> in a lot of like quantifies risk or you
know
>> Okay. Is this used in like insurance
company?
>> Yeah. Yeah. So one example is they'll an
actuary will look at what are the risks
that a company has and then come up with
ways to mitigate the risk. So quantify
the potential impact and then ways to
reduce the risk or we price insurance.
So like the most stereotypical actuary
prices life insurance like how what's
the likelihood someone's going to die?
How many premiums do they need to pay?
That's an actuary.
>> That's wild.
>> Yeah. And so for people watching that
don't know like Yeah. I have a full-time
job and two kids and this is you know
reselling and YouTube is my my fun side
thing. I'm not full-time. Let let me ask
let me ask you something then because
like you mentioned insurance just now
>> and actuary and you're highly educated
like it's a it's this look y'all this is
>> most of y'all probably don't even know
like it's a very like I remember when
you were taking that test
>> it's no joke
>> like like it's this is like big time job
big big time like being an actuary is
like it's a big deal
>> it's like a one hell of a job so I have
I have, man, I have so many questions
for you.
>> Give me a second. I want to take this
blanket off cuz it's noisy and I can
hear it
>> rustling move around.
>> A blanket?
>> Yeah, but when I move, I could hear it
rustling. So, I just don't want that
noise in the background.
>> What is it? Like one of those is it like
a space blanket or something? Like one
of those?
>> No, no, it's just an Eddie Bower like
puffer blanket. But I could hear when I
moved, I could hear it in the
background. I don't want to have
background noises.
>> I didn't even notice it. It should be
fine.
>> Okay.
>> You know what? You know what's
interesting? You know what? I have I
have some content a content suggestion
for you
>> as an actuary.
Talk about insurance for shipping. Like
like because I've I've always been of
the opinion that you should not buy
insurance unless you have specific
knowledge of problems in your area. Like
maybe you know your stuff is going to go
through Hub that's bad or whatever. But
in general, I've always kind of felt
like, you know, like when you sell
something, you sell higherend luxury
stuff a pretty good bit. Like that's a
hundred to $200 to $300 for an item.
>> Mhm.
>> How often are you insuring that? And is
it a good deal? And what what can you
tell us about like postal insurance?
>> What What is your opinion? I don't know
how much postal insurance, but I'm sure
how it's priced is they look at
>> what's the likelihood we're going to
have to make a payment
>> and then divide that by the total number
of people that get the insurance and
then add a little bit for risk margin or
profit. And like that's the simple basic
calc.
>> Got it. But if you have what do you do?
>> I buy the insurance.
>> You do?
>> Yeah. on the really expensive items, but
I don't actually sell that many things
that are over $100.
>> So,
>> like what's the threshold for you to buy
insurance?
>> Yeah, like the one to 200 or above. It's
just not that expensive and I've had
issues with packages. Like I've had
twice where packages just never scanned
>> and then I just was I guess in that case
insurance wouldn't pay out though.
>> H
>> Yeah, it would. Oh, no. If it doesn't
scan at all. No, like they never scanned
then I would just be screwed either way,
>> right?
>> I don't know. Like I
>> because I've always
>> I say like when you go to a store and
you can get a a policy or what do they
call like protection things I never buy
those but I always buy the insurance on
the more expensive things. Maybe I don't
think about it as an actuary which you
would expect but I just think
>> it's only a couple bucks something goes
wrong. Do you not buy it at all?
I I I tend to not buy it on anything
under like $500.
>> Okay.
>> At this point because we typically like
like as of right now tomorrow we have
two things that are going out that are
over a hundred. And the way I think
about who the balloons man
when we were when we were waiting for
this is
>> this Ryan saying is boring. We need a
little bit of fies.
>> Oh, he did it.
It's something with the
>> flash fingers.
>> I can't get it to come up.
>> Ryan, are you hitting a button and not
telling us?
>> No, I swear I'm not.
>> It did. It did it the other like last
week it did some fireworks or something
and we don't know how it happened.
>> I don't know.
But no, like like I always think because
insurance it costs like what? Two three
dollars, right?
Yeah.
>> And I always think like how many times
can I not buy insurance before I get
burned? Like if if you turn that if you
turn that formula around
and then now you're not paying the
you're not paying the vig. You're not
paying the juice.
>> You're self-insuring. You're just, you
know, you'll cover it if you need to.
>> Right. And I think it's I think that's
better unless you have specific
knowledge of of high risk areas of high
risk of a high-risisk sale or something
like that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, fair enough.
Especially because they are building in
some kind of risk margin or profit above
the expected outcome. But at the same
time, you're like, how many data points
do you are you really going to have?
You're going to have high volatility of
your experience,
>> right? Because like if the first time
you do that and then you get burned,
well now what are you going to do? Are
you do you have the
>> do you have the stones to continue with
it? Because then
>> Yeah. Okay. So yeah. All right. That
that's the kind of
>> I already thought about this more than I
have. I just paid a couple bucks and
moved on.
>> So on that on that jacket that you sold
recently
>> Mhm.
>> which we can get to in a minute as well.
>> Did you put insurance on that?
>> Yeah, I did. And then I just lost it
because I
>> paid for it.
>> That was like a $500 jacket, right?
>> Yeah.
>> So, this is the question I have. So,
>> I would have paid it.
>> Obviously, you you sent it into eBay.
They said it it was not authentic,
right?
>> Can I play it, Ryan? I have it ready. I
have it ready.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Let's go.
>> I I was actually going to I was very
curious about that, too.
>> So, I had it I kind of
>> for the You mind if I play it?
>> The topic I suggested was short form
content. So, we're just starting in on a
one of my recent short forms.
>> Yes.
>> Go ahead.
>> Do Do you mind if I play this, Amber?
>> No, go for it. I'll cringe over here a
little bit.
>> No, it's a very good video.
>> Your shorts have been really good, by
the way. I don't know.
>> No, we we talked we we had to basically
gang up on Amber and we were so tough on
her and we she was almost crying.
>> Like it was post
post.
>> Shut up and post. Shut up and post
Amber.
>> And we're like, well, what about And
we're like, shut up. Post.
>> No, it really works though cuz I'm an
overthinker. I'm analysis paralysis. And
you guys are like, just post, just post.
Just post. just post
>> and how is it going?
>> It's It's really fun. It I'm loving it.
>> But you're not just post She's not just
posting, y'all. She Amber's Amber has
>> she she had like she
>> you you always I was telling Ryan this
earlier when we were talking about you
in our chat. Um we don't talk about you
that much, but every now and then we do.
And I was like, man, she's she always
structures it almost like a scientific
experiment. Well, not always, but like
you always have like a premise
or a problem and then you know um and
then like a it's almost like like back
when you were doing science fair and in
school and you have or or like a a you
know you would have like a theory and
then a an experiment or a test and you
you know and all that and then you would
have a conclusion and like that's kind
of how you
>> picture blends over. So, we're going to
bring up that short.
>> Okay. Yeah. Look. Okay. We're I'm I'm
creeping on your account right now,
Amber. This is going to be really
uncomfortable for you. I do apologize,
but
>> you guys understand
>> do what?
>> I said you guys understand more than you
know the average person does about how
it feels weird when people watch your
stuff when you're on.
>> I know. I know. But it's it's it it's so
awesome though. So,
>> 7,600 followers. I'm looking at the
video screen where we can look. You've
been killing.
>> Wow. Look at the views.
>> I know. 9K 12K
75 11 79
35. This is the one Ryan wanted to see.
Excuse me. Look. 60. Whoa. 64. This is
one of the ones I want to talk about,
too. This video right here with the
conditioner.
>> Mhm.
>> Oh, wow. Look at this. The one that
>> the one that says eight actually has
60,000 on Facebook, but it just didn't.
For some reason, all the other Facebook
views added on to them above, but this
one didn't. I I don't know. I messed
something up. But that one did really
well on Facebook.
>> So, and look, you can see right here,
this is what this is your first short,
right? Or this is your first you've been
on Instagram forever, right?
Uh yeah, like since 2019 2020.
>> And you've always just posted like
pictures.
>> Mhm. I pretty much just posted my
stories. That's it. I did I used
Instagram because people on YouTube kept
asking me to create one. So I made it
just to connect with people like just to
message and post on my stories and that
was it. I didn't use it as a an actual
like something I was trying to grow
>> posted reals or anything like that.
prior
>> like dude this is her first real she
posted
>> and I'm pretty sure I recorded that and
then I immediately messaged and like I
recorded something guys I'll post it
>> I will post something
>> but look let's watch this okay do we
want to watch both I guess we can watch
both
um okay
>> the full story
>> recap the story
>> that I
>> Wait I'm sorry amber
>> I did recap the story in the second one
>> you did huh let me you know what I'll
just play that one because I agree you
did recap it. So, let me just play this
through and and then we have questions.
>> eBay has made a decision on the
authenticity of the St. Laurent coat
that I sold for $500. Quick recap. This
summer, I went to a moving sale at a
million dollar plus gorgeous home. The
mom was running the sale and she
explained to me that her son went to
fashion school in London. He lived in
Boston for over 10 years and when they
said that they were moving, he said just
like get rid of his stuff. So, there
were a bunch of clothing and shoes from
him at the sale that I ended up buying,
including a pair of Gucci boots that I
got authenticated and sold months ago. I
also bought a St. Lauron coat, but I was
dragging my feet on listing it because
it didn't have the main interior tag, so
I couldn't prove that it was authentic.
I ended up listing it and I disclosed
the story and explained this in the
description. The person who bought it, I
can tell from their profile, they buy a
lot of luxury goods, so I think that
they also believe it's authentic.
However, eBay rejected it. They did not
deem it as authentic and they gave me a
policy violation for selling counterfeit
goods. What I would you guys do next?
Option one is it's really counterfeit. I
shouldn't be selling it. Option two is
it's authentic but I can't prove it's
authentic. So then how do I sell it?
eBay has made a decision.
>> Okay. So
let's see there. Stop screen.
>> Did they give you a reasoning?
It just when I pull it up, it just says
like, "Oh, actually Lonnie, you got the
similar one recently." It's like, "You
can't sell counterfeit goods or replicas
or something like that." But no, they it
doesn't say this is why we declined it.
Like it didn't say, "Oh, it's missing
this interior tag." Which I think
>> Did they send it back or did they keep
it?
>> Yeah, they sent it back.
>> Okay.
>> Actually, I have
>> So, did they say Did they say it wasn't
authentic or did they say they could not
determine if it was authentic? because
there is a big difference.
>> Or did they determine it was fake or did
they determine that they couldn't
determine it was
>> authentic? Let me pull it. You know what
I mean?
>> I'll just read you the Well,
>> see, for me, I don't have a problem with
that. Like, if they can't authenticate
it, whatever. But the fact that they
dung her account,
>> right, that's a big that's a big deal.
>> Yeah, that sucks.
>> I agree. I felt similarly.
But again, it's like, well, so they have
to they either have to say authentic or
counterfeit there. It doesn't seem like
there's another option is how it felt
where they're either, oh my goodness,
what would what would this be under
eBay?
>> And the frustrating thing, too, is is
the fact I mean, it's most likely a real
jacket.
>> It says, "One or more of your listings
have been hidden for not following our
counterfeit item policy." Um, what
happened? We don't allow counterfeit
items, replicas, or unauthorized copies.
More specific details are provided
below.
Are there more spec? Okay, more specific
details. Counterfeit products are
illegal and not allowed on eBay.
Examples include fakes, copies,
replicas, blah blah blah. Electronics or
accessories that would bear the brand
name. Yeah, it's just a generic email
about
>> Right.
>> Yeah. Everything they sent me was
generic. There was nothing specific
about their review of my item.
>> So they said So they basically said you
were trying to sell a fake.
>> If you just look at the boilerplate,
>> right, that they sent
>> So here's some tea for your guys podcast
that I haven't talked about.
>> Someone reached out to me who works at
St. Lauron.
>> No way.
>> What?
>> But he didn't want me to make a real
about it. So don't click it cuz I
promise
>> I think I can talk about it as long as I
don't give any more specific information
about him or
>> okay,
>> you know, just I can give a generic. He
said I sent him pictures of it and he
said he also couldn't for sure say it
was counterfeit or for sure say it was
legitimate because the main tag was
missing. and he said it looks very very
similar to a coat that he has sold in
the past, but it wasn't exactly the
same. And basically was like he told me,
"I'm leaning towards it's real, but I
also can't authenticate it for you based
on it not having that tag." I was like,
"It."
>> So,
>> so the the people at eBay probably had
the same conclusion, right? And which is
the same conclusion I had cuz I tried to
submit it for authentication on the um
the app I normally use which I'm legit
app is what I normally use but you can't
even submit it to them if it doesn't
have that main tag
>> inside of the coat. So I couldn't submit
it to them and so I said I'll just sell
on eBay and see what they do. And then
they rejected it. And then this guy who
works at St. Lant reached out to me and
he said just like I don't want to be,
you know, don't tag me, don't mention
me, but send me the stuff and I'll give
you my opinion.
>> Wow.
>> And he was like, honestly, I can't 100%
tell you either, but I lean towards that
it's authentic, but without that tag,
it's hard to tell.
>> So, so he reached out to you.
>> Yeah. Which of course you say, well,
he's not, you know, he might not be real
or not, but he seemed
>> Yeah, I believed it based on his
account. like like what would the like
what would the purpose of pretending to
be and then and then tell you that he
can't tell for sure like that that's not
something
>> really true and at the end I told him
like cuz basically he was like well I
don't can't remember what he said but
I'm like actually I think I'm just going
to let my husband keep it cuz he was
kind of interested in it but he wasn't
sure how much he'd wear it and I was
like well if you're not gonna really
wear it I'll just list it but now I'm
like I'm just gonna let my husband keep
it and as soon as I saw that this guy
was like okay sounds good thanks bye or
you know like he just ended conversation
immediately. So, that's another sign
that he's authentic. He wasn't just
trying to talk to me for some weird
reason.
>> Oh. Oh, I always forget about that. For
females is different. Like, you always
have to worry. You always have to think
about that.
>> Although, I guess the other side of that
would be as soon as I mentioned my
husband, he ended conversation. So, that
>> I think he was like he thought, okay,
we're done with the coat conversation
because I concluded that like I'm not
going to try to get it authenticated or
go any further. I'm just going to give
it to my husband. So you could look at
it either way.
>> That's, you know, that's something that
I never have to worry about when like
when some some stranger messages me. I
don't have to immediately think, are you
just trying to have sex with me?
>> And that's I mean that's one of the
things about you guys is you've never
given me that vibe. There are plenty of
other people
>> that I can only imagine.
>> There's a vibe and I'm just like nope
this great. We're not going to have
anything friendship or anything here
because you're
>> uncomfortable vibes. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Exactly.
>> But no, we I always forget like when
we're talking to you about stuff like
this
>> like about content and stuff and I'm
like, "Oh, yeah. Amber's a girl. She
can't operate the same as us in all
situations."
>> Yeah.
>> Like some, you know, like you have to
like like it's different being a
>> even with how you like interact with.
>> Exactly. Let's give that example to give
context for people are like, "What are
you guys talking about?"
>> Wow. like what like I don't know what
what would the what would an example be
of?
>> So you guys you guys said like you
should start um responding to people
well and that's not really male versus
female though. You guys were saying um
there's a new function where you can
respond to people with voice
>> and com when people leave negative
comments you were responding to them and
you were like I think it diffuses it
>> which again I don't think this is male
versus female. This is just Amber versus
Lonnie Ryan because I was like, well, I
don't want to respond with voice because
then I feel like then they could
actually just want to keep it going to
like keep hearing you respond to them if
they're
>> I think I think there is a different
dynamic with that though for females. I
really do.
>> Maybe. I don't know. For sure.
I I mean I I just don't
>> I I once once you once you express some
reservations about doing that, you're
like, man, what if that triggers the
person to like really
>> because the safest move is always just
ignore, right?
>> Yeah. And I think that's probably like
after we talked about it, I'm like,
"Yeah, that's probably smartest because
>> I got a mean comment a couple videos ago
and I had like five of my viewers
respond, which thank you guys. That was,
you know, that's even better if I just
ignore it and other people respond for
me."
>> But yeah, not not engaging is is the
safest uh
>> because like
route, right?
>> Well, yeah, but like
>> you guys use the kill with kindness
approach. you respond.
>> I've been trying. I've been trying to
lately. I've been I've been that's I
used to not do that. I used to try and
like
>> prove them wrong, argue, beat him with
logic, you know, prove I'm right.
>> There's no win there. There's no win.
you know,
>> it it just ends up making you look like
it it ends up making you look
>> um or making me look
>> uh look stupid, petty, like like why am
I like because I'm having this
conversation with that person, but
really what I'm doing is that's actually
more content that all of my other
viewers that aren't this crazy person,
they're watching me lose my cool with
this random person that doesn't like me
anyway. So why am I even interact? You
know what I mean?
>> Where's the win? Yeah,
>> there there's not a win there.
>> Definitely understand.
>> Before we forget, because I don't We're
almost 40 minutes in or 30 minutes in.
Um I wanted to talk about
something I told Ryan and then I was
like, Lonnie, let's save it for the
podcast before I tell you.
>> Oh, wait. C can we can we wrap up the
coat first?
>> Oh, yeah. Sorry. Do you have you had
questions? Go for it. Yeah.
>> Yeah. The question I had about the coat,
did did you talk to the buyer after it
got rejected?
>> I messaged the buyer and said, "Hey, I
apologize that the coat didn't get
approved. I was a little bit nervous as
you saw in the description. It didn't
have interior tag." Something like that.
Again, just want to say sorry that it
didn't get and I He never responded.
>> Wow.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> What?
See, I was wondering if maybe you could
set up like an off like if you if they
would maybe be like, "Hey, uh, I still
want the coat." You know, like
>> Yeah, I did have people comment on it
and on the, you know, the the real or
the short or whatever, being like,
"Message me. I'll buy it." And
>> I never pursued it. I just like, you
know, sometimes you're just like, "Good
rid. I'm done with it." That's kind of
how I feel about that coat. I just don't
want to deal with it.
You know what's awesome about it though?
Look at all and I have to remind myself
about this and I tell Ryan this like I
had something like that happen this
morning where somebody bought somebody
had bought like a Polaroid camera, a
vintage Polaroid instant camera the
other day and then this morning they
cancelled the order and I was like, "Ah,
you blankety blank." You know, I always
do that like to myself and then I I just
then I hit re cancel refund and relist
whatever. Lonnie, you're a content
creator,
>> right? Yeah. You're like, "Oh, yeah.
>> You know,
>> this
>> like So, yeah. $500 sale. That's really
sucks. That's a lot of money. I don't
care who you are."
>> But the content was gold, right?
>> Oh, yeah. It created It was Yeah,
definitely a story.
>> And
>> And that's the one of the benefits of
being a content creator. when negative
things happen, there's like a bright
side that people like that that type of
content.
>> It's it's my best performing content.
It's probably all of our best performing
contents is like when something bad
happens and we talk about it, people
>> like that
>> it's relatable. That's why because bad
things happen to everybody. Mhm.
>> So, segueing into what you wanted to
talk about, Amber, I w I kind of we'll
go this route, but um I was looking at
your Facebook account
>> and I was looking at your reels on
Facebook and the views you are getting
for your account size are insane.
You only have like 200 followers over
there or something and you're getting
like 50 60,000 views per video.
>> Whoa.
>> I wanted to ask you I wanted to ask you
one thing. Do you know about the invite
button
>> on Facebook?
>> No, I don't.
>> Okay, I'm going to have to show you that
later. Everybody that interacts with
your content, which you've had a lot
because you have a lot of views on your
videos on Facebook.
>> Every single person that's interacted
with your videos, you can invite by
hitting one button to follow
>> to follow your page.
>> Interesting.
>> So, yeah. I was wondering if you knew
about that cuz you only had like 200
followers. I'm like, man. So yeah, I'll
show you that later. But um but yeah, so
we were talking about something
yesterday when it came to Facebook and
uh I'll let you I'll let you talk about
it, but
>> that many views per per video though.
>> Yes.
>> Not on average.
>> A lot of them though.
>> Yeah. Let me give background for people
watching.
>> So Lonnie and Ryan convinced me to
create short form content. I posted that
first reel. It was about a different
coat sale. posted a couple more reels
and then Facebook sent me a notification
or not Facebook, Instagram sent me
notification. It's like we're inviting
you to apply for the breakthrough bonus
program which Lonnie and Ryan were like
what? How come we didn't get this?
>> We we don't get paid for Instagram. I I
do not make a dime on Instagram.
>> Well, we thought Instagram was going to
pay me, but ended up that it's Facebook,
but we'll get there. So, anyways, I
wasn't posting anything on Facebook and
then Instagram sent me this breakthrough
bonus program. like you're eligible to
apply because you have a large following
on another platform.
>> So, it had to do with me having YouTube
and then also getting enough views on my
first few reels. So, I think it was both
of those factors that got the
invitation. So, I applied for this
program
>> and then a few weeks later they admitted
me and the program is not like, you
know, crazy money. It's $150 if I post
20 reels in the next 30 days and then
that will reup for two more times.
And so then I had to create a Facebook
page in order to apply. And then like
Ryan said, okay, so yeah. So explain the
Facebook page. The first few reels I
posted over there got 50 to 200 views.
Basically nothing.
>> Yep.
>> And then they admitted me to the
Breakthrough Bonus program. And then the
next one I posted got 12,000 views
within a few minutes of posting it.
>> What?
>> Yeah. And then within a like 10 hours or
something, my two reels before that,
basically I got 140,000 views in like
four hours on the last I posted. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you think they were promoting you or
something?
>> So here's what the story that Lonnie I
was going to tell you, but then I was
like, let's just talk about the podcast.
Couple days later, I got a text that
said that I work at Meta. And of course,
it's a text, so I'm like immediately
immediate red flags. But let me find the
text.
>> Yeah, for sure. Red flag, but but still.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. The text said, "Hello, Amber. This
is Mike, a media expert. Let me make
sure there's nothing here I can't say. I
don't think so. This is this is Mike, a
media expert with Meta. I'll be calling
you today to talk about your Facebook
content strategy. Our calls are up to 30
minutes long. They're on a first come
first-s serve basis, so please try your
best to answer. Bring your questions.
Note that I won't be able to provide any
technical support. If you would like to
ensure this call is from Meta, let me
know and I can send you an email from my
meta.com email address. Thank you. And I
responded to him like, "Hello, yes,
please send me an email from your
email."
>> Of course.
>> I'm like, I'm not going to trust a text
from your meta email address. Here's my
email. And then anyways, so he emailed
me and I talked to him and I asked him,
I'm like, "So, is getting admitted to
the Breakthrough Bonus program what
caused my it was maybe it was within 48
hours of getting admitted when those
videos took off?" I can't remember how
immediate it was, but he was like, "No,
that didn't have that wasn't the reason.
It's just like you had been consistent
enough and I guess the algorithm just,
you know, decided, you know, your your
videos are doing well enough that you
posted so far, so we're going to push
them more. So, yeah. That's one of my
questions for you guys. Have you ever
had that happen where all of a sudden
like Facebook just pushes a bunch of
your videos, not just the newest one,
but a bunch of them? No. Never
>> happened. I mean,
>> I've had some do well,
>> but but you we're talking about with
you. I mean, he's saying that, but
that's a brand new Facebook page, right?
>> Yeah. That's very unlikely for that to
happen. But then but then I also don't
know the interaction because I know that
like Facebook and Instagram
they share the same reels sort of
because like the way I upload my reels
is I usually I upload them to Instagram
and then there's a button I can press
>> to share. Yeah.
>> To to auto and I keep like like that's
the default mode for me is like to to to
send it to Facebook as well and
Yeah, I I don't I haven't had I haven't
had that happen. Um
>> Okay, interesting.
>> No, I I've had some do well, but not not
like the whole account like blow up like
that.
>> Yeah. So, a little more context on this
call to give a little more color here.
It was not as exciting as it sounds
>> cuz the the guy answered the call and
he's it's just it's so scripted, so
clearly scripted. He's like literally in
this voice. Hi, this is Mike from Meta.
Thanks for taking my or thanks for
jumping on a call with me today. I just
was
>> it it could have been, but I don't think
it was. He's like, I just want to say
congratulations on getting into the
breakthrough bonus program.
>> And then I said I don't know whatever I
said. And then he's like, "Okay, so I
just want we just want to talk through
some, you know, big the main tips for
getting your content viewed the most or
whatever." And then anything I asked
something that was off script, his
answer was not helpful. For example, I
asked him um it would it be better.
Okay, so I told him like if you look at
the beginning of my content, my first
few videos are they got a lot more views
and I think it's because they're better
videos. And I'm like since then I've
been creating videos that in my opinion
aren't as high quality, but I'm trying
to hit the 20 reels. And so I asked him,
would it be better for me to post three
videos a week that I are that high
content or that high caliber or 10
videos a week and only three of them are
good and seven of them are kind of
filler? And he was like, it's all about
balancing quality and quantity, you
know, like the point of this call
because you said that initially in the
text the call was about like your
strategy for making content, which is
what you're explaining right here, and
they can't even answer that qu like what
>> point maybe it could be two things. one,
it could be like um just another way to
encourage me to post, like make me feel
special and you know.
>> Yep.
>> Or they were pushing their edits app. He
brought that up a couple times in the
call that um instead of Cap Cut, which
is what I've been using, that they
encourage you to use edits, which is an
app that Meta just came out with for
editing short form content.
>> Oh, I haven't heard of that.
>> Well, now it's working. You know, I've
tried it. I like better.
Okay. Um, and but yeah, my point is he
was so clearly following a script and at
one point I said something like, "Okay,
once once you finish your prepared
comments, can we talk about this?" And
he like chuckled a little bit and I
think I think he was like, "Yeah, she
could tell I had to follow this script,
don't I?" But
>> and then the call just ended then that
was basically it. Yeah, it was just
basically well the okay so the two main
things that he was talking about on the
call was using the meta app to edit or
the sorry the edits app to edit short
form and then posting two to three reels
a day and I'm like
>> wow
>> I can't do that like and I told him that
call and then his closing com I told him
like sorry I have two young kids I have
full-time job like I can't do two to
three a day and then his final scripted
line was so can you commit to two to
three wheels a day Like I'm like, "Dude,
we are you listening?"
>> Exactly. I'm like, "I know you have a
script, but can you try to make it
conversational?"
>> Facebook is a content machine. Cuz like
even especially on I don't know if
you've gone in like the Facebook area
where it has like the um what what do
they call it? The professional
dashboard. They have like goals for you
to reach and the goals are always
insane.
I've never hit 100% of like my goal or
what Facebook wants me to post and but
yeah, two to three a day is about about
right.
>> They they want
>> your question to them about like the 10
and and three are three are high quality
and seven are kind of fil They want the
10. I know they do.
>> Yep.
>> And all of the stuff I've been posting
has been immediately getting at least
1,000 views on Facebook until the one I
uploaded tonight. That one has like 12
views on Facebook. And I think my um
hunch is I haven't posted in three days
on Facebook. And so my hunch is that
they're penalizing me for not
>> They shut the valve off.
>> They shut Yeah, they shut the valve off
cuz I didn't post for 3 days.
>> Yeah. 12 views and I've been getting
basically immediately
1 to 10,000 views like within 20 minutes
of uploading there.
>> Wow.
>> You know what? You know what I found
with Facebook, Amber, is that not only
does Facebook want you to post more, but
look at it this way, your followers, and
this I have to remind myself of this too
because some a lot of my posts are I
feel pretty high quality and then a lot
of my posts are are not such high
quality. A lot of my posts there are
like, oh, look, I'm going to screenshot
this message and be like, damn, can't
believe that happened. you know, or
something like that, like text
>> and boom, and then
>> 20,000 views and it's like
>> your expectations of yourself or my
expectations of myself and what I deem
is good enough has nothing to do with
what because you got to remember your
followers, all that post is to your
followers is something just another
piece of thing they're scrolling by and
they can read or interact with real
quick. It's not that big of a deal. It's
not that crucial to them. You know what
I mean?
>> Like they just they're just happy to
hear people that hit follow for Amber.
They really don't care. They just want
to anything Amber has to say to them.
They want to see it. Like that's why
they followed you.
>> Yeah. I mean, like Ryan said though, I
have like no followers right now.
Relatively.
>> If you start hitting that invite button,
that'll change.
>> Yeah. I'm going to definitely do that.
>> Yeah.
>> Figure it out after this.
But, oh, that's something I wanted to
speaking of the editor thing. Are you
editing all of your because you were
talking to us about maybe hiring an
editor? Are are you doing that or or are
you editing all on your own?
>> Okay. Yeah. Someone in the reselling
community posted that they were looking
to make extra money doing um VA work,
you know, helping people with their eBay
and Poshmark listings. and this person
used to do YouTube. So I messaged her
and was like, "Hey, would you ever edit
YouTube videos or edit shorts?" And
she's like, "Yeah, I've never done that
for somebody, but obviously I have the
experience." So yeah, we came to an
agreement for her to edit my stuff. But
the problem is a lot of the a lot of the
content I'm creating, obviously, I've
never done it before because it's the
first time I make short form. And so I
have an idea, but part of that idea is
how it's edited. So, she has edited
three of the reels I posted. Um, and I
think the more I post, the more I'll let
be able to have her edit because once
I've done an idea once, then I can say,
"Here's the content. Do edit it just
like this video."
>> Right?
>> So, I was thinking originally I would
have her edit everything, but the
reality is that a lot of it's like I
need to get the idea out and then once
it's out, then I can have her follow
that format.
>> Makes sense. So, has she she's edited
some of your videos already?
>> Yeah. Mhm.
>> Which ones? Can you do you want to say
Oh, wait. Let me Maybe I should guess.
>> The one of the Yeah, let me go for it. I
mean, so we made an agreement that she
would do the first a first edit and then
one reddraft or one redo.
So, everything you're seeing, I've um
given her a follow-up set.
>> So, it's a second draft.
>> Yeah.
>> Of the final or the final is like the
second version of her edit. Okay. Did
she do the um did she do the one with
the can you can can you name these shoe
brands?
>> Did she do that or did you do that?
>> I did that one.
>> That was a great reel, by the way.
>> Thank you. That one I was hoping would
take off because it's very like it's
repeatable. But
>> I was watching that and I'm like, "Okay,
I'm going to I'm going to kill this." I
got the first two right and then I was
like, "Yes, I'm going to get all
>> that my husband did exactly the same as
you did."
>> Yeah. And then I got all the rest wrong.
I hadn't hadn't even heard of the
brands.
>> Yeah, I got two of them, I think. But
that um I did that LA L Artist brand. I
I feel like we've probably sold a pair
of those before and I just forgot. But
yes,
>> that's not in the video, but I could add
that one to another video.
>> Oh, it's not?
>> No.
>> Wait, you you talked about the Artiste
brand before?
>> I've talked about it years ago. I
haven't talked recently.
>> It's not in that video. No, I think you
and didn't you and Candace sell that
brand recently? Maybe not.
>> Uh, okay. I mean, I could have swore it
was there. I guess I guess not, you
know. All right, let's see. Can you name
I like your would you rather series
you're doing, too. That's cool.
>> All right, here we go.
>> Can you name these shoe brands based on
just one picture? And they're going to
start easy and get harder as we go.
>> Can I make this bigger? Let me see. I
guess I don't I guess in that aspect
there's not a whole lot of room, huh? Oh
well.
>> Oh, first up.
Those are Birkenstocks. You guys got
that right. Right. Here is
>> Okay. Doc Martens.
>> Yep.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay.
>> And the goal here was that the first I
found that people want to be right. So
I'm like,
>> oh yeah,
>> I need Exactly. I'm like I need some
that people are going to get right.
>> So these first two were those. So, so
right now everybody's like, "Yeah, I'm
smart.
>> I got this. I Yeah, exactly.
>> Is the second one.
Those are Doc Martens. They have the
bright yellow thick stitching, so
they're pretty easy to identify. Here is
number three."
>> See, I thought these were easy, but
apparently they're not. This one.
>> Yeah.
>> Dance. I couldn't remember the exact
name, but I did. I know that name. Okay.
got a little harder unless you're in a
medical field or you're a reseller like
me. Those are dance goes
>> nurse shoes.
>> What are those?
>> What are those? Amber,
>> I'll tell you right now.
>> I guess you're going to say, aren't you?
>> Algria. Algria.
>> Have you heard of Algria?
>> No.
>> Anyone still four for four? I would be
good up to this point. The next two are
the two that I'm not sure if I would
have gotten. Here is number five.
I wouldn't.
>> Those are Blundstones. I have always
wanted to find these these boots. They
retail for like a little over $200 a
pair. And then finally,
I do usually recognize them when I see
them. They're Fly London. And usually I
recognize them by the logo. Again, a
very expensive shoe. How many did you
get right? Comment down below and let me
know.
>> Okay.
>> Call to action. Really smart. I really
like that format, Amber. You should do
more of those.
>> Thanks. That's what I was like. I'm
like, this one, it's not just resellers
that could enjoy watching.
>> Exactly. It appeals to a wide audience.
>> And it it keeps the viewer too the whole
time. Anything with a list like that?
>> Do you think I Do you think I have like
too long of pauses or too short of
pauses or anything that
>> um you could probably shorten the pauses
up? Like in my opinion, I'm just
>> Yeah. If I was to edit it, I would
probably shorten them a little bit cuz
it takes somebody like,
>> you know, one second to make a guess,
you know.
>> Well, I don't know. I I thought the
pauses was okay. And also but then also
someone could just tap the screen and
>> and pause themselves.
>> Yeah, true.
>> But yeah, it whatever. Yeah, it but I
love that. I thought it was
>> format's great.
>> It the format's great. It was a little
hard,
>> but but you're also trying to give them
discovery for brands they didn't know
about. Like that's kind of the point as
well as
>> Right.
>> Yeah. And I I tend I I mean, as you guys
know, I tend towards the really detailed
side. And I tried to pull myself back
because I wanted to put in like this is
how much these sell for and like here's
the styles I really want to look for and
blah blah blah blah. And I'm like, okay,
you don't need that. That's too much.
Yeah. And especially if I'm trying to
appeal to not just resellers.
That's the beautiful part to me that the
the unintended consequence
for me for short form content is because
I'm an overexplainer big time.
>> Yep. And a lot of times that comes
across uh people don't like that because
like the people that get it and know
what you're talking about like they I
feel like a lot of times they might feel
like I'm talking like down to them or
something whenever I go into my
overexlain mode. So
the short form
forces me to only cover the important
things and to leave the unimportant
things out.
>> Yeah. You know,
>> or even if I do go into it when I edit,
I'm like, "This needs to be shorter. Cut
that out. Cut that out. Cut that out."
>> Does do you feel like it helps your
communication at all? Like do you like I
I know you still want to do long form,
but do you feel like doing short form
has improved?
>> Yeah,
>> definitely. You have to think how do I
tell this story and not lose people's
attention
>> and when am I going on tangents? What's
you know necessary for the story?
>> Yeah, that the one in the middle of the
screen right now I cut out
>> u over half of the original recording if
not more.
>> This right here.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. A good rule of thumb that's helped
me a lot when when like editing video
>> and this is kind of like you know
nitty-gritty stuff but like
>> I've found that like when you're editing
a monologue or something if you can cut
something and the the what you're trying
to explain or the video still makes
total sense
>> then you need to cut it.
>> That's helped me a lot and that's that's
that's a way to to go about it. I do
want to say shout out to Ashley from
Hustle at Home Mom because you guys
encouraged me to post and then once I
record that first one, I sent it to you
guys and I sent it to her
>> and probably someone else. Ashley
downloaded to her computer and edited it
and sent it back to me, which I feel
like you guys obviously you guys are top
level friends giving me push and then
she's a top level friend editing my
first one.
>> And she she was like basically what she
did was take out a bunch of stuff like
you guys are saying. She like
>> you don't need that. Exactly what you
said, Ryan. Like you don't need that in
the story. You don't need that in the
story. You don't need that.
>> I just cut out.
>> Did that kind of hurt your feelings at
first? Like when like
>> I didn't at all. I was like,
>> "Not at all."
>> No, I was like, "Thank you. This is
exactly what I wanted. I want direct
feedback on how to improve this. I'm
brand new. Literally my first one ever."
I was I'm very appreciative. I was like,
I feel like I need to pay you for that.
Like, you just edited this, gave me a
bunch of feedback, and yeah,
>> I I mean, I don't know if you could
afford what she would have to charge
you. Like, like she's like that. That's
pretty sweet. Before like before Amber
ever uploaded or published her first
short, she sent it to like a giga
influencer for review and then they like
the giga influencer
uh reviewed it and then and then not
only that, but then did a did her own
freaking edit of it and sent it back to
Amber. That's pretty
>> say about like, okay, yeah, I have great
views, but what's the phrase about
standing on the shoulders of giants?
Like that's how I feel like you guys
pushed me to post. You're giving me
feedback. Ashley edited my first one.
And then um shout out also Kathy Ginger
Marvin has been giving me really helpful
specific tips as well. So thank you to
the four of you for you know helping me
a lot.
>> No problem.
>> Ginger Marvin I actually follow her on
Facebook because I started following
>> she is killing it on Facebook.
>> Yeah.
>> What's her name? Ginger Marvin. I've
never heard of her. Ginger Kathy. Yeah,
>> she's from Colorado. I actually met her
in person as well. She lives near
Denver, so we went together to the bins.
She's super sweet.
>> Okay. Okay. Wow.
>> She's very Well, she doesn't come across
on social media. Maybe she's very
introverted, like a kind of shy person,
but this was years ago. So, at this
point,
>> she's had a lot of years social media.
So,
>> yeah. But that doesn't change you though
because like like Ryan and Ryan and I
Ryan's very shy guy.
Not shy, but like reserved. I'm pretty
reserved.
>> I think reserve.
>> Like when people see me on camera,
they're usually like or like see some of
my videos that like know me in real
life, they're like, "You're like a
different person." Like
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> You know,
>> that's how I felt when I met Kathy cuz
she's in person she's very quiet and I
guess you can see it in her videos
somewhat, but like in her comments she's
very she's like has the oneliners a lot.
So
>> yeah.
>> Yeah. Shout out Kathy. Go follow Ginger
Marvin Hustle Ham, which all these
people you guys are probably already
following. So I guess
>> uh I wouldn't assume that. This is not
the Poshmark girl. True. True.
>> I although I think most people have at
least heard of Hustle at Home Mom by
now. I would I would guess like she's
that's a huge How many Like she's got a
ton on um on YouTube. I think I don't
know how many.
>> She's got to be a big
>> probably at least 200,000.
Let me get Oh, I think it's it's I bet
it's way more than that.
>> 236,000.
>> Oh, okay. It is. All right.
>> It's legit.
>> It is legit.
>> Oh, she kills. Wow. She kills it, too.
Her
>> She is great at using the resell
content, but packaging in a way that
appeals to anybody.
>> Yep.
>> Whether they or not.
>> Amazing titles and thumbs, too.
>> Really good. Okay, look. I wanted to ask
Man, we're gonna have to do a part two
with Amber Ryan because we're running
out of time already. This is all this is
gone. Amber, I I shoot. I didn't even
get down my whole list, but I I do. Can
I play this one real quick? Hang on.
Yeah, let's see. Go.
>> Well, it depends how strict you guys are
about the hour. I'm good. Max is
sleeping. Kids are sleeping. So,
>> we're we're pretty strict and we're
going to try and hold to it. So, we are
going to You know what? We're going to C
Can we Can we commit to a part two,
though?
Can you commit to a part two, Amber?
>> Oh, yeah, I can.
>> Awesome.
>> But see what the viewers think. Okay.
>> About three.
>> Oh, well, no. They're going to love you
and love this. But here, let's watch
this. I want to talk to you more because
I feel like there's a lot more to talk
about here. I just don't know if
everyone's as interested as I don't
know. What do you think, Ryan?
>> I think people are interested.
>> That's the
>> I think this has been a great
conversation. By the way,
>> we record for an hour and a half. You
cut out the boring stuff and then
>> it's an hour.
>> Yeah, we Ryan could trim this down to
six. Ryan could trim this down to six
minutes if
>> Exactly.
>> Let me play this because I I have a
question about this.
>> I feel I feel like there's so we have so
much to say here now that we like
actually because we've been talking off
and on for quite a while in this group
chat where we've been in like a
mastermind chat almost.
>> Yeah. And then now we're talking here
and we got kind of loose and flowing and
like we got so much to say and we don't
have that much time left. Okay, watch.
>> Bought 75 bottles of conditioner. I've
started selling them and it looks like
I'm going to make about $800 worth of
profit once they all sell. Here's the
story. My sister lives in smalltown Iowa
and a liquidation store was going out of
business. She was there on the last
afternoon of the last day and she was
going through and sending pictures to
her family of all the stuff that was
still for sale. I scanned through her
pictures and saw these. I looked them up
quick on eBay and saw that they were
selling for about $15 a bottle. I asked
her to see how much they wanted if I
bought all the bottles that they had
left. They wanted $45 for all of them.
There ended up being 75 bottles. So, I
paid60 per bottle. I've listed about 10
of them in lots of two. I think I found
the right price point and I am profiting
about $11 per bottle. So, I should end
up making a little over $800 in profit.
So, here's the question. How much would
you give my sister?
>> Okay, so that that question right there,
I am so curious. And look, first I have
some questions though first before we
get into how much you would give your
sister. How close are you and your
sister? Obviously, like you must be
pretty tight, right?
Yeah, I have four sisters, just so you
know.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Yeah. So, there's, you know, different
dynamics between all of us. I'm the
oldest of five girls. And, uh, the
sister and I, we're pretty close, but we
don't live close to each other. So, we
don't hang out all the time, you know?
So, we we text, but we don't see each
other in person very often, but we have
a good relationship.
>> So, how far Wait, so how did you get
this stuff? if you like cuz she
>> well she lives near my hometown which is
an hour and a half away.
>> Okay.
>> So we're like far enough that we're not
hanging out you know every weekend but
we're close enough that go back you know
once every couple months.
>> So the next time you saw her then you
just picked them up then is that what
happened?
>> Right. Yep.
>> Okay. So how many have you sold now?
>> I've sold right out 30 of them.
>> Wow. So about half.
>> You started with with how many? How many
you start? 70. 75. And I had actually
already um started paying her before I
posted the video. So I kind of already
had made an agreement with her
unofficially. Okay. If I asked her,
which I did, and I asked her again after
the video, she says, "You don't need to
pay me anything." But
>> Well, of course she has to say that.
>> Exactly. Yeah. So I
>> She wanted to be motivated to do this
again.
>> Exactly. Yeah. And she has This is not
the first like really good thing she's
bought for me, but um I've been paying
her $250.
Oh, sorry.
>> Oh, no.
>> Me and Ryan were going to guess.
>> Oh. Oh, no.
>> Well,
>> I would not have guessed that.
>> Don't do the math. Okay.
>> I already did the math, but And it's
right in line. I was I was going to say
at least a hundred, maybe 200.
>> Yep. the Yeah, the comments are most
people say $100 and then the next most
common comment's $200 and it comes out
to like $175 because I paid her a little
bit upfront just in case the bottles
were expired or something. I didn't know
if I'd actually end up listing it. So, I
paid her a little bit up front and then
I pay her 250 bottling. It'll come out
to like 175 in the end.
>> So, how often how do you how do you do
that? Like are like are you going to are
you like sending her like a weekly check
or something or Venmoing her. Every time
I package up a sale, I Venmo Venmo. Are
>> you serious?
>> That's an easy way to do it.
>> Yeah, it's not the most efficient, but I
didn't want her.
>> I don't know cuz she like wants to know
about
>> 50. So, you you send her like $2.50 if
you sell one.
>> Well, so far I've sold more than one
every time. So, I just at least $5.
>> Um, but I I don't know. She like wants
to know about the progress, but then I
don't want her to feel like,
>> "Are you going to pay me?" But she's not
going to say because she says she
doesn't want anything. But at the same
time, if I kind of fun on her end, all
of a sudden she's just going about her
day.
>> Oh, that's five bucks.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you tell her first or do you just
drop that Vinmo on her?
>> No, no, I just send it.
>> Oh, that's another one.
>> She's definitely going to find you more
stuff. She this summer she picked up a a
peepphole knocker,
>> which it's like a 1920 speak easy. One
side's a peepphole, the other side's a
knocker.
>> And she picked up a garage sale for five
bucks and I sold it for $195 a couple
days later. I sent her half the profit.
>> Wow.
>> And then she picked up this old
wallpaper. I haven't listed it. I've
literally had it in my death pile for
over a year now. But I found it at an
art it's listed. It was at an art
museum. The same wallpaper company. It's
super old wallpaper and a really cool
print.
>> So, there'll be some another one like
that payment's going to go her way
whenever I finally list it. That'll be
like a good video, too.
>> But
>> nice,
>> man. That you know how fun that must be
for her? Like she just like chilling at
work or doing whatever
and her phone buzzes and Oh, thank you,
Amber. Amber. Amber, you're gonna make
her think about buying you something. I
think
>> something for you like every like 50
times.
You know what I mean?
>> I think she's getting the reseller bug a
little bit though. I think she's on the
verge of starting the list on her own
which is fine with me. I have but I have
more to list than I ever have time for
and so I'm totally fine with it.
>> You've turned your sister into Pav
Pavlov's dog basically.
>> Here's Yeah.
She's nice elevator every time.
>> Reward. Yeah.
>> More free money.
>> Yeah.
>> Showing up on my phone
>> rather than one payment reminder every
day for every other day.
>> Do Do you follow me on Facebook, Amber?
You do, right?
>> Yeah. Mhm.
>> Did you see my post today? Have you
looked at Facebook today? Because I know
you had work today or whatever, right?
>> No, I didn't. I had the day off, but I
was busy most of the day. So, I don't
think I've looked. What did you post?
>> Did you see my license plate I posted
earlier?
No,
>> I was going through my death pile.
>> Hang on. Let me grab it. I happen to
have it.
>> This is cool.
>> Yeah, I was going through our unlisted
stuff. I guess I'll have to cut it out
of here.
I was going through our unlisted stuff
and I found like a u this is a license
plate we got in a bulk buy and we didn't
think anything of it. Right. Look, it's
a it's a old 1977. Not that old, but
Louisiana motorcycle license plate. And
>> they have more than two numbers on them.
>> They do. They normally like when I
comped it out, they have they normally
have like five numbers at least and they
sell for about 30 to $40.
>> And take take a guess. Take a guess how
much this is
>> because it has two numbers, right? That
is that why you're saying it's worth so
much more?
>> Well, I thought it was and so I listed
it and sold it already. It's already
sold.
>> Wait, you listed and sold it before you
realized that it was rare?
>> No. Uh-uh.
>> Oh, okay.
>> No. No. I I realized it was rare.
>> I'm going to guess 300.
>> Oh, man.
>> Oh, I over I should have guessed lower.
No,
>> you're making me feel like maybe I
should have listed it higher. $75.
>> I got more than that.
>> Okay.
>> I got 150. I listed it for 150 and got
150 within a couple hours.
>> That's awesome.
>> Two numbers. Could you imagine? Did you
Did anybody catch the license plate
number of that of that of that guy that
pulled the caper at the bank? Yeah, it
was 32.
If you I've seen like um I don't know in
Arabic country, what are the leader of
Arabic countries called, but they'll
have their fleet of cars, no the leaders
called?
>> Uh whatever. But they'll have their
fleet of cars and they're all like
number one or number two or whatever. So
it's, you know, a status symbol to have
the lowest number possible.
>> The license plates are worth like some
of the license plates are worth like
millions of dollars over there
>> just because of certain numbers. Yeah,
>> it is cool, isn't it? I think I think it
has a it has a great like just having 32
on there is like so it's just strong.
>> Yeah. Um
>> I know we're at time so
>> we are Can Ryan. Do you have any Do you
have like a last question for Amber?
>> I uh I don't I think I touched on
everything.
>> Go ahead.
>> I have a question for you for you Amber.
So you you have like this really great
career that you spent half your life
preparing for as an actuary, right?
>> Well, maybe not half, but like
>> my 20s basically.
>> Yeah. You lined it out during one of
your long form videos like your whole
path from high school to till now is
basically trying to be an actuary for
most of it except for, you know, once
you started your family and stuff,
right?
>> Yeah. Mh.
>> But you still keep coming back and it's
almost like it's almost like you try to
get away from making content and doing
YouTube and being a reseller and it it's
like almost like it has this magnetic
attraction to you that it's something
you have why why giving your career and
how busy you are with your family and
everything. Why in the world do you
spend all this time and energy and
effort doing stuff like this on YouTube
and on the reselling front? Why do you
do it? Because it's I don't think it's
it's not the I don't think you're
motivated by the money. Maybe I'm wrong.
>> It's fun. I love it. It's so fun. It's
fun to see on YouTube like you put in
and then you get out what you put in.
And you can also like change things up
and see does it work better or not and
you can just you control it all and
every thing you get is a well for the
most part is a result of your work
you're putting in. It's just so yeah and
then also my mom is also really into um
thrifting and reselling so it's also
very fun thing I do with her so that's
another
>> big perk of it but
>> I would do it either way. And you got to
uh I was I was glad you got to go with
your mom today, too. I saw that on your
>> Yeah, I had the day off and she came to
town and we went shopping. It was great.
>> But yeah, the uh the I started my
channel when I actually was having a bad
fa a bad patch in my exam taking and I
was failing a couple exams and I was
just like feeling like very frustrated
and all I was doing was working and
studying and that was it and I needed an
outlet of something else. Okay.
>> And some other something else I was
putting my time into that had more clear
progress.
>> So that's when I started a YouTube
channel and I love it. It's so fun. And
and the reselling, it's a it's like a
rolodex that you're just constantly
building on. And yeah, like that shoe
video for example to me that those first
four brands are like bread and butter.
Like they just seem so obvious because
I've done it for so long. So part of it
is also the thrill of building up that
knowledge.
>> Yeah.
Interesting. So So it's more of a it's a
hobby for you
>> in your spare time like that that you
just love doing. That's your That's your
why?
>> I I That's hard for me to shake those
heads.
>> It's hard for me to buy it. It It's like
I I don't know. It's hard for me to buy
it.
>> Well, like you said, it's not about the
money.
>> I know it's not, but it's like Is does
the influence have any uh factor in
that? Like do you want to like really
put some put yourself out into the world
or do is it just fun for you? Like do
you have like a a like do you feel like
you have like kind of like a purpose to
like in this space
>> to like
>> to influence not you know like to
influence people and like
>> I don't know. I don't know.
>> You put a lot into this.
>> Yeah. for it. Like I I I just wonder
like what is what do you like at what
point would you say not that you've
arrived I guess? Yeah. Like what what do
you want to get out of this as a
reseller and as a content creator where
do you want to be? How big do you want
to be?
Do you do you have dream like what what
is your dream like
>> your dream?
>> I I mean I think most people who start
YouTube channels that 100,000 is just
you know you get the plaque the
recognition that you built this channel
and you know people really liked your
content.
>> I will say though I won't do that at the
expense of uploading something I'm not
proud of. What I mean by that is there's
plenty like mystery box reviews. Those
got a ton of views, got me a lot of
followers. But once I realized that I
wasn't actually going to help people
find good good sourcing content, I was
actually just going to be causing drama
and the drama would bring the views, I
stopped doing that content.
>> So it's, you know, it's not all about
the 100,000 views because there's ways
to get there much more quickly than the
way I've been doing it.
>> So helping people is important to you.
>> Yeah. providing value, but I think also
when I provide value, people watch it.
So, I don't I wouldn't create videos
that provided value, but nobody was
really watching them because then it
feels, you know, like a waste of time,
>> right?
>> So, I don't know. I've been thinking
about this a lot lately because I spent,
you know, so many years taking exams and
then I was focused on having kids and
now I have my kids. I have my job and so
I've been thinking a lot more about why
am I doing this and what is my goal with
this and what's my purpose. I don't
think I have the answers yet but I feel
like you're also exploring that Lonnie.
>> I've felt that lately of like what
exactly is my goal here. Brian, you've
also been talking about it with your
food content.
>> Me and Lonnie went through this a little
bit in the past year I would say.
Um, and we still like I don't think I
think if you have it all figured out
then you should probably re-evaluate. I
don't think anybody has it all figured
out. Everybody might have their why, but
I don't think like I think if you know
what your endgame is for sure, you might
want to like reconsider.
You know, you might want to
just h just knowing like, oh, this is
where I'm going and that's it. I I think
that can be dangerous. I think you have
to always like have those goals, right?
But like also
know that,
you know, things things can change and
you can divert paths and life is going
to push you in different ways and that's
a good thing. You know,
>> I I can just see like like Amber
just the early success she's had here
since just like in the past I know I'm
talking about you in third person.
You're right in front of me. I'm sorry.
Amber, the success you've had um just
like in what the past month
of
>> short form
>> of of short form.
>> Like what if what if you blew up and you
became like like I think it's entirely
possible you could you could blow up and
like end up like hustle at home mom
level or maybe higher even. I think
that's possibility.
Like what if that happened? Like
>> like Ryan had a Ryan had a taste of that
with Thrift Mime when he was hitting
Thrift and and and with Crazy Dreamers
too. It's different.
>> I think Ryan, we'd love a podcast of you
explaining why you quit that channel and
why you stopped pursuing that, but we
don't have time for that tonight.
>> Yeah, I think I don't know if I could
because I to get there, you have to be
consistent, very consistent. And for me,
YouTube is at the bottom of a long
priority list. And so I can almost
guarantee you that there will be a lull
in the next 6 months because something
always comes up. The LA since the
beginning of the year, nothing has come
up. Things have gone exactly in my life
have been going to plan and therefore
I'm consistent. Soon as something comes
up, I'll going to have a break again.
And that's just how it is because
YouTube isn't my number one. It's not my
full-time. it's not my, you know,
necessary income, you know, for our
lives. So,
anyways, so I think my lack of
consistency will always hurt me.
>> Yeah. But the good thing, the good thing
though is that even if you get bogged
down later on in who knows what, short
form
>> Yep.
>> can keep going.
>> Oh, yeah. Definitely. Short form is way
easier. Although, if Facebook's going
to, you know, penalize me for not
posting for three days, then I'm going
to have the same problem. But we'll see.
I'm I'm very curious about this one
because like 12 views when all the
others got one to 10. We'll have to keep
an eye, see what happens.
>> It could be a glitch. Sometimes
algorithms are weird.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, you know, it it also could just be
that it's not um updating the stats very
quick. I I cuz I noticed yesterday
>> the stats were like normally they're
like it seems like about maybe 5 to 10
minutes behind and yesterday they seem
to to me that it was like 4 hours behind
or something
>> something weird. So it it is also
possible it is like what what is the uh
what are the interactions like? Are the
interactions super low too? All the
interactions are people I know in my
real life.
>> Like it's like my friends commenting
like my real inerson friends.
>> No, I think the stats right. It's weird
though. Anyways, I can uh we're over our
hour by quite a bit. So,
>> we are we are
>> got to keep his already established
rules.
>> We'll get we'll get Amber on for a part
two.
>> I I just get so I always get so mad when
Amber says it's the oh my priority list.
It's the lowest. It always makes me so
angry because she I I know how talented
she is and how
>> Yes.
>> how successful like if she moved it up.
I know it's not possible. I know it's
not. I know it's not. I know it's not
possible. But if it was and if you
>> No, my next Okay, I said I don't know my
next life goal, but my next life goal is
to save up enough money that I can quit
my job as an actuary and it doesn't even
matter how much I make for everything
else cuz I have enough saved in my
retirement that I'm good. Nice.
>> So when I do that, Lonnie, YouTube will
be pretty high up. Unless, you know,
life's changed by then. But
>> I think it's higher than you're
admitting than you want to admit
publicly. I think it's higher in your
heart than you want to even admit to
your head. I think you want it way more
than you than you than you'll ever say.
>> Oh, you too.
>> Yeah, I think you do. Maybe. But I mean,
full-time job, kids, husband, all that's
higher up. Sleep. I feel like a lot of
people sacrifice their sleep and I'm not
someone who is willing to do that.
>> So,
>> well, and and sacrificing your sleep can
make you uh make your performance drop
to a level that would make it impossible
anyways, too. I found that out. That's
something I've been doing.
>> I get very irritable when my good sleep.
So,
all right. All right. That's how we wrap
it up.
>> All right. Let's wrap it up.
>> We'll wrap it. Well, thank you, Amber,
for coming on. really appreciate it. Um,
honored to have you as the first guest
and uh, we'll definitely do a part two.
We're gonna have to. There's way too
much to talk about.
>> Be the first guest.
>> Way too much to talk about.
>> How about if I have a short hit a
million views, we can do a second.
>> Okay. Deal.
>> That's gonna happen.
>> You guys have both, right? Had one.
>> Yeah.
>> What?
>> Yeah. Hit had something a short hit a
million, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. And I will also guarantee that I
don't just drop off face of earth and
you feel like you have to cut, you know,
>> you're gonna get one soon.
>> Oh, Amber, you're gonna get one because
you're you're analyt you're the way you
analyze and then like I can see you're
looking for not just like trying to make
a video, but you're looking for like
processes or um styles that work and
like you're probing and and like seeing,
oh, don't do that. Oh, yes. Do more of
that. Like you're you're figuring it
out. Like I
>> I And yeah, you're gonna like Yeah,
you'll have a million soon. You'll have
a Yeah, Ryan has a bunch
on uh Crazy Dreamers. I have
short form. I have what? One.
>> You hit a couple in with No, you got
two.
>> Two. What's
>> And you got those within like a month of
each other.
>> You did the box vid and then you got you
got another one. That's just me doing
like like look I can cut a box.
>> It worked though. That's all.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's all there was
to it. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Get on camera and oh, I can cut a box
and you'll get a million views. It's
that easy. Yep. No, it it Well, it is,
but
>> it just it's it it it makes me kind of
mad because it's like, okay, the way I
get success is with a little cheap trick
that is, you know, like instead like
it's not about me.
>> People loved it. That and that's what
matters. People love it.
>> It is.
>> It is. It is. And it's great. It's
great.
>> It's great.
>> But I don't know. I I just don't want to
I don't want to be like the trickster.
That's
>> you know what I mean? Like a magician or
something like that.
>> Flipping an open blade on camera.
>> You have to get a second or a third.
Learn juggle.
>> Okay. But yeah, we Amber, thank thank
you very much. I really enjoy Thank you.
>> Really enjoyed it. Uh even our first
guest and I hope this podcast blows up
for you guys.
>> Oh, thank you. We hope so too.
>> We hope so too, but this is only episode
number three. Keep in mind whenever you
look at the numbers
that the first two episodes were built
on that drama like your mystery boxes.
>> You know what I mean?
>> But yeah, thank you very much for
joining us, Amber. We're going to have
you back for sure if you'll come back.
>> Yes, I definitely will. All right.
>> All right, guys. Thanks for watching.
Bye, guys.
>> Thanks for watching, y'all. Bye bye.